Oberon-07
===========

[Language description](https://www.inf.ethz.ch/personal/wirth/Oberon/Oberon07.Report.pdf)
from the author.

Specifications, absent in the decription:

| Type     |  Limits                     |
|----------|-----------------------------|
| INTEGER  | -2147483647  .. 2147483647  |
| REAL     | -1.8×10+308 .. 1,8×10+308   |
| SET      | \{} .. \{0 .. 31}           |
| CHAR     | 0X .. 0FFX                  |

| Expression | Value
|------------|------
| ORD(FALSE) | 0
| ORD(TRUE)  | 1

## Dynamic memory management

Available 3 implementations that garantee data integrity and do not require additional assumptions
in the language:

 * Without freeing memory.
 * Conservative garbage collector.
 * Reference counting without automatic breaking of cycles.

Considered as errors:

 * Source code, that can not be generated by syntax rules(syntax mistakes)
 * Arithmetic overflow and division by 0 for integers and fractions.
 * Negative integer divisor.
 * Assigning the BYTE variable a value outside of 0 .. 255.
 * CHR(int), where int outside of 0 .. 255.
 * Include to and exclude from SET values outside of 0 .. 31,
   but checking for out-of-bounds numbers is acceptable.
 * ORD(set), if the condition (31 IN set) is met.
 * Accessing an array at an out-of-bounds index.
 * Assigning value ​​of open array or string to array of insufficient size.
 * Reading an uninitialized variable.
 * Dereference, variable selecting, type guard and type checking for pointers, which value is NIL.
 * The presence of labels with overlapping values in the CASE-statement.
 * No label containing the value from the input expression of the CASE-statement.
 * Constant value of loop expression and eternal loops.
 * FOR-loop with a step that does not match its limits.

The desired reaction to errors is diagnostics.
List of possible diagnostics kinds in decreasing of preference order:

 * Report during pre-check.
 * Runtime notification with continuation of execution if an error occurred in auxiliary
   or useless code.
 * Notification and emergency stop in runtime.
 * Absence diagnostics, what allowed due to the difficulty in diagnosis or the need for efficiency.

## Incompleteness of embodiment:
 * CASE-statement for records and pointers is not implemented.
 * Absent module SYSTEM
